# Table Of Contents

 - [Introduction](#introduction)
 - [Usage](#usage)
     - [Pull The Image](#pull-the-image)
     - [Run The Image](#run-the-image)
 - [Configuration](#configuration)
     - [Available Configuration Parameters](#available-configuration-parameters)
 - [References](#references)

# Introduction
Shell In A Box is a web server that is used to get a web based login shell on the server (or in this case, the container).<br><br>
It can export arbitrary command line tools to a web based terminal emulator. This emulator is accessible to any JavaScript and CSS enabled web browser and does not require any additional browser plugins.<br>
More details are available in the <a href="https://github.com/shellinabox/shellinabox/wiki/shellinaboxd_man">manual page</a>.

# Usage

## Pull The Image

Choose a tag:
 - *latest*: Current LTS Ubuntu, Shell In A Box package from the repositories is used
 - *dev*: Current LTS Ubuntu, Shell In A Box build from the *HEAD* of <a href="https://github.com/ngaro/docker-shellinabox/tree/dev">the development branch</a>

and pull it:<br>
```bash
docker pull garo/shellinabox:latest
```

## Run The Image

For example:<br>
```bash
docker run -p 4200:4200 -e SIAB_PASSWORD=xyz678abc -e SIAB_SUDO=true garo/shellinabox:latest
```

# Configuration

## Available Configuration Parameters

 - **SIAB_USERCSS**: String of configured and enabled css extensions. Defaults to system default list.
 - **SIAB_PORT** The port where shellinabox should listen to. Defaults to 4200.
 - **SIAB_PORT_FROM_PORT** Sets `SIAB_PORT` from `PORT`. Defaults to false.
 - **SIAB_ADDUSER** Whether to create a default user. Defaults to true.
 - **SIAB_USER** The name of the user. Defaults to guest.
 - **SIAB_USERID** The numeric ID of the user. Defaults to 1000.
 - **SIAB_GROUP** The primary group of the user. Defaults to guest.
 - **SIAB_GROUPID** The numeric ID of the primary group of the user. Defaults to 1000.
 - **SIAB_PASSWORD** The password of the user. Defaults to an autogenerated password, printed out on stdout.
 - **SIAB_SHELL** The shell of the user. Defaults to /bin/bash.
 - **SIAB_HOME** The home directory of the user. Defaults to /home/guest.
 - **SIAB_SUDO** Whether to allow user to sudo. Defaults to false.
 - **SIAB_SSL** Whether to enable ssl and create certificates on request. Defaults to true.
 - **SIAB_SERVICE** Service strings to use for shellinabox, separated by whitespace. Defaults to local logins */:LOGIN*.
 - **SIAB_PKGS** Packages to be installed before shellinabox starts. Defaults to none.
 - **SIAB_SCRIPT** Script to download and run before shellinabox start. SSL verification is disabled. Defaults to none.

